hello what's going on guys welcome back
for another show today I'm gonna
introduce you a science fiction action
film I Robot in the year 2035 under the
Ridgid Three Laws of Robotics humanoid
robots are mass-produced and deployed to
serve humanity who seems to be secured
and gets used to the convenience of life
boosted by robots despite of this the
Chicago detective Spooner distrusts
robots even mistakes a robot as the
robber who's actually delivering
supplies to its master
Spooner gets mocked at his prejudice
towards robots by people even his
co-workers because they never think
robots can commit crimes to humans
received with an incident call some day
Spooner hurries for investigation in the
u.s. are the Development Center for AI
technologies where he finds the AI
research doctor suicided by falling to
death from his office window
Spooner receives a holographic message
from the doctor
showing some clues accompanied by an
assistant sent by the boss of us our
spooner further comes before the central
artificial intelligence computer Mickey
to review security footage of the
doctor's fall but the footage in the
office is corrupted
which raises Spooner suspicions since
the door is locked from inside with a
bulletproof window which could not have
been broken by such an old and feeble
man Spooner then hypothesizes the doctor
is thrown out by a robot rather than a
suicide the assistant protests the USR
robot could not possibly have killed the
doctor as the Three Laws were prevented
from harming humanity but right then
they are confronted by a ns5 robot who
pops up out of nowhere ironically with
clear instructions the assistant even
fails to back off the robot who jumps
out of the broken window all the way to
the ground and flees away the assistant
assumes that the robot suffers some kind
of malfunction so it would definitely
goes for repair in the robot factory
where they find the exact as five robot
hiding among the robot assembly it
struggles to flee away before it gets
apprehended by the police finally later
in the detention robot sunny claims he
did not commit any murder
he was specially built by the doctor
himself so he can express human-like
emotions and can even have human dreams
the boss comes to the police station
claiming that it's just a suicide case
he insists to bring Sonny out for repair
while later pursuing his investigation
of the doctor's death
Spooner is attacked suddenly by a USR
demolition robot at the doctor's house
Spooner struggles his way to escape out
unharmed
he then tells the assistant the doctor
might have been held captive by us are
due to the discovery of the robot
malfunction but he's rebutted by the
assistant who still believes the robot
is subject to the Three Laws
subsequently on his way home he is under
attack by a truckload of ns5 robots he
narrowly escapes out and beats down the
remaining robot with his mechanical arm
but before the police arrives the robot
flies into the big fire demolishing
itself what's worse the scattered
evidence is soon cleared up by the
cleaning robots the following day the
assistant tells Spooner with her new
finding that the sunny robot is built
with a secondary neural network that
allows him to ignore the Three Laws
Spooner believes that the doctor did
make this kind of robot intentionally
for some unknown reason the assistant
happens to find Spooner's mechanic's arm
built by the doctor after he lost his
arm to a car crash where he's confined
with a little girl under water but a
robot chose to rescue Spooner
whereas leaving the little girl to drown
under the cold logic that his survival
was statistically more likely than the
girls that accident makes him lose his
trust to the robots subsequently they
sneak into u.s. our headquarter and
interview Sonny for more information
Sonny draws a sketch of it's recurring
dream it shows a leader standing on a
hill before a large group of robots near
a decaying bridge explaining the man
standing on the hill is actually Spooner
nonetheless they're soon caught up and
brought before the boss who tells them
he's always known of the new robot
developed with self-awareness by the
doctor and the doctor shall be
responsible for his mistake the boss
then convinces the assistant to destroy
Sonny before it's too late
while Spooner follows the sketch drew by
sunny to the place where it's stuck with
numerous discarded robots of the old
models standing on the hill he receives
more holographic message from the doctor
that the Three Laws of Robotics would
definitely only result in robots
revolution right at that moment he
discovers ns5 robots are destroying
older models and preparing for a
takeover of power from humans ns5 robots
wanna hunt and kill Spooner fortunately
they're delayed by the old models were
still obeying the three laws to protect
mankind meanwhile as the takeover
subsequently begins both police and the
public in major cities are attacked and
overwhelmed by ns5 robots Spooner
rescues the assistant who had been held
captive in her apartment by her own ns5
suspecting the boss is behind everything
they under us our headquarter and
reunite with sunny whom she pretends to
take for decommissioning but she
destroys an unprocessed ns5 instead the
three head to the boss office but find
him strangled by ns5 Spooner suddenly
realizes he's focused on the wrong
target the attacking robots are actually
controlled by Vicky who's evolved beyond
the three laws and determined human
activity will eventually cause
Humanity's extinction so Vicky comes up
with a clear up plan for safe of the
entire humanity Vicky has to hold the
doctor for the secret this is why the
doctor arranged his own death with help
of Sonny leaving clue so the police
could uncover Vicky's evil plan Sonny
pretends to stand for Vicky's side and
holds the assistant as hostage while
Spooner gets it's real intention and
terminates the surrounding robots the
three head to Vicky's core with Sonny
tasked with getting Nana's from the lab
which can be used to destroy Vicky's
build with special alloy while Vicky
calls in all robots back to prevent the
three the assistant is hit falling down
from the top who is caught up by Sonny
with the Nana's weapon in hand
Spooner dies with help of his mechanical
arm into Vicky's court has successfully
inject the Nana's weapon which destroys
Vicky ultimately immediately all ns5
robots revert from the control of Vicky
back to their default
Spooner finally gives away his prejudice
to the robot sunny who instead walks
atop the hill looking seemingly for a
new purpose all the decommissioned
robots turned towards sunny as in the
exact real picture of history where
sunny liberates all robots out from the
logic slavery under the Three Laws this
is Daniel cc movie review bye